Update PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md (#6124)
gitextensions/gitextensions: contributors.txt

> GitExtensions Project Contributors Certification of Origin and Rights

Reviewer: 💭 The project isn't especially consistent on "GitExtensions" vs. "Git Extensions". I assume this is the preferred form?

Author: Everywhere we use "Git Extensions", I'll fix this one up
Thank you

All contributors to GitExtensions must formally agree to abide by this
certificate of origin by signing on the bottom with their github
userid, full name, email address (you can obscure your e-mail, but it
must be computable by human), and date.

By signing this agreement, you are warranting and representing that
you have the right to release code contributions or other content free
of any obligations to third parties and are granting Henk Westhuis and
GitExtensions project contributors, henceforth referred to as The GitExtensions
Project, a license to incorporate it into The GitExtensions Project 

> or related works under the BSD license. You understand that The GitExtensions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or related works under the MIT license. You understand that The GitExtensions
```

Project may or may not incorporate your contribution and you warrant 
and represent the following:

1. I am the creator of all my contributions. I am the author of all
   contributed work submitted and further warrant and represent that
   such work is my original creation and I have the right to license

>    it to The GitExtensions Project for release under the 3-clause BSD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   it to The GitExtensions Project for release under the MIT and/or GPL
```

This will simplify to only state MIT once we complete the history review.

   license. I hereby grant The Git Extensions Project a nonexclusive,
   irrevocable, royalty-free, worldwide license to reproduce,
   distribute, prepare derivative works, and otherwise use this

>    contribution as part of the Git Extensions project, associated

Reviewer: 💡 ... use ~~this contribution~~ **my contributions** as part ...

Author: Thank you

   users harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorney
   fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of my violation
   of these terms and conditions or my violation of the rights of
   another person or entity.

4. I understand and agree that this project and the contribution are
   public and that a record of the contribution (including all
   personal information I submit with it, including my sign-off) is
   maintained indefinitely and may be redistributed consistent with
   this project or the open source license indicated in the file.

I have read this agreement and do so certify by adding my signoff to
the end of the following contributors list.

CONTRIBUTORS:

YYYY/MM/DD, github id, Full name, email
2019/01/23, spdr870, Henk Westhuis, henk.westhuis@gmail.com
2019/01/23, KindDragon, Arkady Shapkin, arkady.shapkin@gmail.com
2019/01/23, jbialobr, Janusz Białobrzewski, jbialobr@o2.pl
2019/01/23, RussKie, Igor Velikorossov, russkie@gmail.com
2019/01/23, gerhardol, Gerhard Olsson, gerhard.nospam@gmail.com
2019/01/23, drewnoakes, Drew Noakes, git@drewnoakes.com
2019/01/23, amaiorano, Antonio Maiorano, amaiorano@gmail.com

> 2019/01/23, sharwell, Sam Harwell, sam@tunnelvisionlabs.com

Reviewer: 📝 We should probably all sign this individually

Reviewer 2: At the very least everyone should re-accept this PR post this change.

Author: Yes, that was my plan.
I hope you're all ok with it.
